Code Snippet: Example Implementation - Codes mentioned in the files: ebay-delivery-date-prediction.py       
                                                                     dataset.csv

Commands to run the Program files:

There are 2 ways to run the files to get the output:

1. In an Online Python Compiler:

Open an online Python compiler that has the scikit-learn library installed/available
Create a python file with name: ebay-delivery-date-prediction.py and copy paste and use the code from the file mentioned in the Github: ebay-delivery-date-prediction.py
Create another file to load data with name : dataset.csv  and copy paste and use the code from the file mentioned in the Github: dataset.csv

Then run the Python file(ebay-delivery-date-prediction.py) in the Python Compiler, it will automatically process data from dataset.csv

2. In the Command Prompt/Terminal:

   1. Navigate to the Directory: Open a terminal or command prompt.
   2. Change Directory: Navigate to the directory where your files are located. For example, if they are on your desktop (on Windows):
                
                                              cd Desktop
      Replace Desktop with the actual path to your directory if it's located elsewhere.
   3. Run the Python Script: Use the python command followed by the name of your Python script file (ebay-delivery-date-prediction.py):

                                              python ebay-delivery-date-prediction.py

This command executes the Python script ebay-delivery-date-prediction.py. Make sure you have Python installed on your system and added to your system's PATH environment variable if you're using command prompt or terminal.

Expected Output:

The script will attempt to load dataset.csv from the same directory.
It will process the data, perform machine learning tasks (as per your script), and print outputs such as Mean Absolute Error and Predicted Delivery Date based on the model's predictions.

Output:

Screenshot of the Output is attached in README.md file


Troubleshooting Tips
File Paths: Ensure both HelloWorld.py and dataset.csv are in the same directory or adjust the file path (pd.read_csv('dataset.csv')) in your script if they are located in different directories.

Python Installation: If python HelloWorld.py doesn't work, try python3 HelloWorld.py or py HelloWorld.py depending on your Python installation.

Dependencies: Ensure you have installed necessary Python libraries like pandas and scikit-learn (pip install pandas scikit-learn) if they are not already installed.

By following these steps, you should be able to run your Python script (HelloWorld.py) and process data from dataset.csv to perform machine learning tasks as intended.
